Is this a worthy field to get involved in?
Well, I think the moral, the safety,
the efficiency, transporting more atoms better,
safer, quicker for us,
that's a compelling argument in itself.
But on my word, is it interesting?
It's a hard problem to be working
and it's not a problem that we're just going to go, "Oh, yeah.
Do you remember that Wednesday? That was the day we figured that out."
Or any day, nothing special about Wednesdays.
So, it's a real exciting career
to be in because we're at the start of it and it's not going to finish anytime soon,
and the problems are really,
really hard and diverse.
So, if you're an engineer and you go,
"I really like to work on hard problems that aren't obvious,
but as I crack in,
as I a peel this onion,
I'm going to have a big impact on how things are moved."
Then, you should totally do this course and you should totally become an AV engineer.
I think this course should be very important to take because it will teach
you a lot of the fundamentals of the self-driving car space.
It'll teach you a wide range of topics.
It'll teach you a lot of what you need to know in order to
understand and develop the systems going forward.
It'll make you a flexible,
knowledgeable engineer who's going to be
able to adapt to this really fast-paced industry.
I think that the course or courses are very
useful for anyone trying to get into this industry as they give you a better,
more general view of everything that goes on,
and goes into making a vehicle drive by itself.
It would be very useful to try and get into that space using that.
I've actually used part of what I
learned in my controls courses in University of Waterloo,
which is part of these courses as well.
I've used PID controllers in robotics.
So, all of this is even useful from a firmware standpoint.
One way for individuals already out there in the work space to break into
the self-driving field is to gain some knowledge
about some of the problems that we're facing.
For example, state estimation.
One of the ways to learn that would be to take this Coursera course.